docs: fromjson mask (#115)
CGI-FR/PIMO: README.md

  * [`dateParser`](#dateParser) is to change a date format.
  * [`template`](#template) is to mask a data with a template using other values from the jsonline.
  * [`template-each`](#template-each) is like template but will apply on each value of an array.

>   * [`fromjson`](#fromjson) is to change the format of a field to float64.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * [`fromjson`](#fromjson) is to convert string field values to parsed JSON, e.g. "[1,2,3]" -> [1,2,3].
```

[Return to list of masks](#possible-masks)

### Fromjson

```yaml
  - selector:
      jsonpath: "targetfield"
    mask:
      fromjson: "sourcefield"
```

> This example will mask the `targetfield` field of the input jsonlines with the field `sourcefield` of the jsonline. This mask changes the type of the input string (`sourcefield`) to output float64 (`targetfield`). The `sourcefield` must be a number in string format or an empty field ("null").

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example will mask the `targetfield` field of the input jsonlines with the parsed JSON from  field `sourcefield` of the jsonline. This mask changes the type of the input string (`sourcefield`) : 
 * null : nil
 * string: string
 * number: float64
 * array:  slice
 * object: map
 * bool: bool
```
